Rosanna: Advocacy really is
summed up in persistence.
Your actions will speak
louder than words.
[music plays]
Lydia: We as a DeafBlind community have
so much to offer society.
Rocky: We have to get ourselves integrated
into the society as much as possible.
Alice: And some of that is just being open
to the fact that we have the right to be.
[music plays]
Rosanna: It is critical to become
your own advocate.
Rocky: If I was not
an effective self-advocate,
people would treat me like a rug.
And indeed, that is true.
Alice: You always feel
like somehow you're sliding
through the back door to get what you need
and it’s tough to have to endure.
[music plays]
Rocky: Hi my name is Rocky Hart.
Alice: My name is Alice Eaddy.
Rosanna: Rosanna Beaudrie.
Lydia: Lydia Olmstead.
A very critical piece of advocating
is being able to be
a good thinker, a good problem solver,
and to be able to come up
with alternative solutions.
Rosanna: Know what your skills are,
and promote those skills
so that you can be successful.
Rocky: Societal attitudes
have really changed quite a bit.
We're still not where we need to be.
We have a long ways to go.
Alice: This is our life and
we should have the right to direct it
to some degree that's going to be
meaningful and make us feel proud.
[music ends]